I see that you are the elder of the company,
I give it to you.
Language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language
Language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language language
Come here and close the flash
Dad, please let me take a picture of the closet.
Hurry up and take the chairman's lesson to apologize.
I beg him that the chairman is personal
Sorry, where are we?
I took a risk on you before
Gao Qi, you seem to have mistaken what I said.
This is ineffective and ignores the reason
I'm not asking him to apologize to me
How to educate your son